~ ~ ~ CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE ~ ~ ~
This Java program is a simple 'choose your own adventure' style short story. 

INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:
This program is meant to be run as a console program, so in order to run it, the user must have Java properly installed on their computer.
In order to install Java, locate the file 'JavaCodingPack-0.4.2.exe' in this application's main folder. Launch the executable.
Once the Java Coding Pack is installed, you will be able to open the 'Main.java' file to run this console program. Simply click the play/run icon.

EXAMPLE INPUT AND OUTPUT:
The player will be presented with a number of questions/prompts to which they will be required to enter input.
Input types are words, numbers, and input from a set list that will be shown to the player. 

For example, when prompted by "Enter your character's name:" the player may enter any name/word that they see fit.
When prompted by "Choose a pronoun subject (he/she/they):" the player must choose and type one of the options presented by the prompt in the parentheses.
Sometimes the player will be prompted with the options of (y/n). These are choices, and y is a 'yes', while n is a 'no'. These choices will affect the flow of the story.

FEATURES:
Chapter 1 presents the player with a few simple choices that will determine whether or not they lose 3 golden coins.
The player meets a creature in the woods, follows the sound of a shout which leads to a short encounter with some wolves, and finally stays the night at the tavern in the next town.

There are currently 5 different methods (besides the main method) that can be called and used for various purposes.
Input variables thus far include: name, proSubj, proObj, proPossAdj, age, gold, hometown, exploreExp, mentor, mentorAge, weapon, attribute, season, color1, color2, and a number of y/n choices. 
The first branching path that the player can take is a y/n choice of whether or not to approach a creature in the woods. The player will be prompted y/n several times in order to fully approach. 
This choice will affect whether or not the player does or does not recover some lost/stolen gold. 
The player will eventually encounter a small pack of wolves, and will enter combat. This functions as a while loop in the code until the player reduces each wolf's health to 0 pts or less. 
The story is slightly different at the inn depending on how the player handled the creature from earlier. 
The player may also choose to cycle through their inventory before the first chapter of the program ends. 

FUTURE IMPROVEMENTS:
In the future, I would add a much more detailed system for the player's inventory, attributes, and perhaps appearance. Customization in games is always fun. 
I would also make the story itself more expansive and engaging. More branching paths and more choices would make for a better experience. 
In order to do this, however, it would be necessary to add multiple different scripts to the project. Keeping the entire thing under one Main Method is not sustainable long-term.
I would also like to add more methods to make coding the game more efficient and modular.  